
# 解釈

1. We all know from a study of history the progress of the working people from the stage of barbarism to that of slavery, serfdom and later individual freedom. In the early days of human history the wants of the masses were few and simple.
2. The radio telescope is a new, rather than a better tool for studying the sky. Many of the radio sources in space found with the radio telescope cannot be seen through the ordinary telescope. And in the same way, most of the stars seen by the ordinary telescope cannot be heard with the radio telescope.
3. The Star — one of America’s oldest newspapers — was established in 1852. Until the late 1950’s, it was the most popular newspaper in Washington. Even after it lost its leading position to the Washington Post, many observers considered it to be one of the best newspapers in America.
4. These days, many enterprising Japanese businesses are finding it profitable to reimport goods made in Japan. Many technical products are being sold abroad at prices much lower than those recommended by the manufacturers for the domestic market.
5. In most instances the speech of the first settlers lives on when they come in substantial numbers and people the land with their descendants.
6. People with a high level of intuition don’t really make impulsive decisions; rather, they have a certain “feeling” and then act upon it. The truly impulsive person does not act in response to a “feeling” about the right path but as a reaction to tension and anxiety.
7. By intelligence we mean a style of life, a way of behaving in various situations, and particularly in new, strange, and perplexing situations. The true test of intelligence is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don’t know what to do.
8. We do not often pause to think why we like some people more than others. But if you do, ten to one, you will find that those on the preferred side are mostly those of good disposition.
9. The historian tries to impose on events some kind of rational pattern: how they happened and even why they happened. No historian starts with a blank mind as a jury is supposed to do.
10. For a long time I have had trouble saying ‘No’ and I had a lot of pressure from my friends and the other kids at school. For example, if they found out I was with a guy, they would pressure me into doing something wrong … you know what I mean? I really didn’t want to, but I was afraid I would lose him and my friends.
11. Consider the difference between an amateur and a professional photographer. The person who uses his camera occasionally to capture a birthday party, a scenic view, or a family outing will snap a few pictures of the cherished moment, eagerly await the outcome, then, often as not, feel disappointed with the results.
12. I do not think that ordinary human beings can be happy without competition, for competition has been, ever since the origin of Man, the spur to most serious activities. We should not, therefore, attempt to abolish competition, but only to see to it that it takes forms which are not too injurious.
13. Many things that people in Europe have in common are part of the common property of the “global village” created by the mass media — watching American TV programs, for example. While the Beatles could claim to be a European creation — an English pop group that launched its career in Hamburg — they too swept the world.
14. The aggressive part of human nature is not only a necessary safeguard against savage attack. It is also the basis of intellectual achievement, of the attainment of independence, and even of that proper pride which enables a man to hold his head high amongst his fellows.
15. How many words are there in English? That is a question no one can answer. A desk dictionary of the kind most college students use may show somewhere around 100,000 words listed in it. One of the large, so-called unabridged dictionaries may list over 500,000 words.
16. In general, the context in which the words are spoken, or the way in which they are said will tell us which of the possible speaker-meanings is intended. But between speakers of different languages or people of different cultures, serious misunderstandings can occur.
17. The Europe the aeroplane brought me to was not the Europe I had known all my life. When I was a child Europe ruled my world. It had defeated the Arabs in Africa and controlled the interior of the continent. It ruled all the countries of the Indian Ocean with which we traded; it supplied our goods.
18. Competition is no longer defined by who has the best know-how to do things better. Companies will be constantly changing. Established companies will be reinventing themselves, and new ones will be appearing all the time. Large size isn’t the advantage it once was; variety and flexibility will be more important in determining success.
19. Every culture has its own body language, and children absorb its nuances along with the spoken language. The way an Englishman crosses his legs is nothing like the way a male American does it. In talking, Americans are apt to end a statement with a droop of the head or hand, a lowering of the eyelids.
20. When digital watches came into being, the old watch became an analog watch, the way that ‘baseball’ and ‘turf’ were forced by the new ‘night baseball’ and ‘artificial turf’ to identify themselves as ‘day baseball’ and ‘natural turf.’
21. In many offices, when you call and are put on hold, the company apparently feels the need to amuse, entertain or distract you, so it feeds music into the line. If I have to wait for someone on the phone, I don’t want the thought of what I wish to say crowded out of my head by some senseless bit of music.
22. Very few of the great landscape artists of the past or present have ever chosen to paint naturally dramatic or beautiful subjects. A landscape which is naturally beautiful or otherwise attractive to the human eye leaves the artist with little to do except faithfully copy what he sees before him.
23. In a recent issue of Nature two investigators report finding what they call the earliest evidence for human use of fire; bits of charred animal bone from a South Africa cave that appear to be more than a million years old.
24. So long as the mind of man is what it is, it will continue to rejoice in advancing on the unknown throughout the infinite field of the universe; and the tree of knowledge will remain for ever, as it was in the beginning, a tree to be desired to make one wise.
25. When it is a foregone conclusion that the only thing that will be, or can be, is the thing that has been, every phenomenon which refuses to adapt itself to that self-evident formula will be doubted or ignored; and, if it persists in thrusting itself as an obstinate fact, it must be manipulated somehow till it fits in with the old formula.
26. The myth of the hero is the most common and the best-known myth in the world. We find it in the classical mythology of Greece and Rome, in the Middle Ages, in the Far East, and among contemporary primitive tribes. It also appears in our dreams. It has an obvious dramatic appeal, and a less obvious, but nonetheless profound, psychological importance.
27. Although I know of no scientific grounds to support my theory, I do not believe that a sense of humor is something that a person just is or is not born with, nor that it cannot be developed. My limited study of the mind and its potential suggests to me that we could all develop a sense of humor, if we but tried.
28. Recent dream research has shown that a person deprived of dreaming, even though not deprived of sleep, is nevertheless impaired in his ability to manage reality. He becomes emotionally disturbed because of being unable to work out in dreams the unconscious problems that confuse him.
29. Dad often made surprise visits to our schools to find out if and when we were ready to skip. Because of his home-training program — spelling games, geography quizzes, and arithmetic and languages — we sometimes were prepared to skip; but never so prepared as Dad thought we should be.
30. When travelling on the circle line in Tokyo a year or so ago, I was fascinated by the wildness of advertising on display in the carriages. In addition to the usual row above the windows, as in the London Tube, there were advertisements projecting on banners from the walls, advertisements pasted on the doors, ceiling, windows and dividing screens by the doors, and advertisements wrapped round each individual strap hanger.
31. As Carpenter worked on Sarada Kinenbi, the far greater challenge was to capture Tawara’s shades of meaning. “One of the things that made Tawara famous is that her poems are more easily understood than the classic tanka,” says Carpenter.
32. The story is told of the Russian poet Samuel Marshak that when he was first in London, before 1914, and did not know English well he went up to a man in the street and asked, ‘Please, what is time?’ The man looked very surprised and replied, ‘But that’s a philosophical question. Why ask me?’
33. Most of us think of plants and their leaves as being stationary objects, without power of movement. Thus, it may come as a surprise to you to learn that most plants and leaves are almost continually moving in slow motion even when there is no breeze blowing. The movements of animals, of course, are more obvious because they are much more rapid.
34. Somebody once went to a good deal of trouble to find out if cigarette smokers make lower college grades than nonsmokers. It turned out that they did. This pleased a good many people and they have been making much of it ever since.
35. It is not the fact that virtue wins out at the end which promotes morality, but that the hero is most attractive to the child, who identifies with the hero in all his struggles. Because of this identification the child imagines that he suffers with the hero his trials and hardships, and triumphs with him as virtue is victorious.
36. I felt sure that I would never see him again. But in a few minutes he was back. “The last bus left an hour ago. I must drive you to Partinico in my car.” I had no choice but to accept. It wasn’t until my suitcases and I were piled into a little Fiat and the man in dark glasses was telephoning to his mamma that he would be late for supper, that the voice of my mamma could be heard above my desperation.
37. People die. It is a strange event, a strange order of event; it is an order that is not accurately understood. Nobody really knows what death is. Everybody talks about death all their lives. Everybody dies and falls silent.
38. Some of the lies parents tell are completely ridiculous: that boys climb trees, girls don’t; that, for a girl, it’s nice to be better but it’s better to be nice; that John is great at helping dad with the car and Jenny is much better in the kitchen helping mummy bake cakes. I feel sorry for parents. It isn’t that they say things that are lies. It’s that what we do is what we are. Children have eyes and can see. That’s why it’s better to tell the truth.
39. Some people are so changed by their life’s experience that in old age they behave in completely unexpected ways. Many of us know elderly men and women who no longer act as we have come to expect them to act.
40. In any complex social activity in which different persons have conflicting interests, there must be rules that regulate behavior so that everyone’s interests are equally protected. Automobile driving laws provide a clear case of such rules.
41. Non-verbal signals play an important role in communicating attitudes and affect, in expressing emotions, in supporting speech by elaborating on what is said, by providing feedback from listener to sender and by synchronizing verbal interactions so that the participants know when it is their turn to speak and when it is their turn to listen, when it is appropriate to interrupt, and so on.
42. To write about human aggression is a difficult task because the term is used in so many different senses. Aggression is one of those words which everyone knows, but which is nevertheless hard to define. One difficulty is that there is no clear dividing line between those forms of aggression which we all deplore and those which we must not disown if we are to survive.
43. Being able to record and predict such events as the ripening of berries, fruits, and grasses, as well as the migration periods of different birds, fish, and game animals, greatly improved the potential for survival of these early human beings and made it possible for them to plan for the first time in human history.
44. Is there any end in sight to the fitness fever? Exercise enthusiasts agree that fitness is such an essential part of their lives that it will continue in some form right into old age. As one Oregon jogger noted, when he and his friends are too old and too worn-out to run marathons any longer, they’ll still be out there — walking.
45. Except for children (who don’t know enough not to ask the important questions), few of us spend much time wondering why nature is the way it is, where the cosmos came from, or whether it was always here; if time will one day flow backward and effects precede causes; or whether there are ultimate limits to what humans can know.
46. Woodrow Wilson in 1912 observed that Americans like to think that “this is the country where there is no distinction of class, no distinction of social status.” To judge from their responses to modern sociologists’ questionnaires, American attitudes toward class have not changed much during the past two generations.
47. In the 1960’s and 1970’s women underwent many changes through the Women’s Movement. Many women began realizing the roles and images forced upon them by a male-dominated society and started to do something about it. This period of consciousness-raising resulted in women taking actions to eliminate sex discrimination in society, realize their full potential as human beings, and humane attitudes towards women.
48. The length of life as an adult moth is very variable. The males live longer than the females, the former averaging about four weeks and the latter half that time or a little more, but in cold winter weather females will live some five weeks.
49. Forest is at once the most durable and the most fragile of resources that we have. Given the right care, it can endure for centuries, but a single act of folly — a fire or an ill-planned cutting down of trees — can destroy it within weeks or even hours, and it will take a century to return.
50. The truth is that newborns arrive in a presocial state, ready and eager for contact. They turn toward sounds and even show a preference for the human voice, especially a high-pitched one. Newborns spend nearly forty minutes of their first hour paying attention, with eyes bright, shiny, wide open, and capable of fixing on objects.
51. To be happy, a man must feel, firstly, free and, secondly, important. He cannot be really happy if he is compelled by society to do what he does not enjoy doing, or if what he enjoys doing is ignored by society as of no value or importance.
52. All of us have had the experience of not being able to find the right words to get across our meaning, of being misunderstood, of finding that we don’t make ourselves clear. Thought and language are mutually dependent.
53. In the age of abundance, the apparent availability of virtually all material necessities tended to lead people to expect speedy gratification of their desires and to have little sense of the length of time over which people in other times and places had had to wait in order to have some of their more basic material needs satisfied.
54. Since he came down from the trees, man has faced the problem of survival, not as an individual but as a member of a social group. His continued existence is testimony to the fact that he has succeeded in solving the problem; but the continued existence of want and misery, even in the richest of nations, is evidence that his solution has been, at best, a partial one.
55. Since the decipherment of the writing system in the third decade of the last century, the Egyptian language has been among the most thoroughly researched areas of Egyptology. As a result, although a great deal of vocabulary and many points of grammar remain to be fully explained, our understanding of the basic structure of Egyptian and of the rules governing its operation can now be considered to be on a reasonably firm footing.
56. My father enlisted when my brother Jacey was two and I was on the way. He died only a few months before my birth, and my mother brought us back to live with her parents here in Haley, the small town in Illinois where she’d grown up. My mother was the only woman in our circle who worked. She taught second grade at the Haley Elementary School, moving to third grade the years Jacey and I would have been her pupils.
57. Even if someone were to write a sentence or two of his diary immediately after he had finished whatever he was doing, still his diary would not be like those television cameras that follow shoppers around in book shops. It could not simply record.
58. The peaks of the Kandertal Range go on and on as if God had forgotten to stop making mountains. Snow-capped pinnacles are everywhere, with nothing above them but an azure sky. There isn’t a hint of a cloud. My two friends and I stop to marvel at this show of sunlit peaks and then push forward through the fresh snow. We skim down the bowl, the snow giving way as if we were skiing through a sea of foam washed up on a beach.
59. The electronic media themselves can be understood as merely technological extensions of preexisting forms of communication. There would, in fact, be little point in developing them at all, were we not people who had in the course of some long evolutionary development come to have things to say to each other.
60. Without the aggressive, active side of his nature man would be even less able than he is to direct the course of his life or to influence the world around him. In fact, it is obvious that man could never have attained his present dominance, nor even have survived as a species, unless he possessed a large amount of inborn aggressiveness.
61. Some people would say that the Englishman’s home is no longer his castle; that it has become his workshop. This is partly because the average Englishman is keen on working with his hands and partly because he feels, for one reason or another, that he must do for himself many household jobs for which, before the war, he would have hired professional help.
62. It is only when some irrelevant memory makes us prejudiced, when we instinctively turn away from a magnificent picture of an alpine scene because we dislike climbing, that we should search our mind for the reason of the aversion which spoils pleasure we might otherwise have had.
63. Those who live in a city are, to be sure, dependent on other people for their daily needs since they cannot be self-sufficient, but they are less dependent on particular individuals. Moreover, although he may know more people than the country dweller, the urbanite knows a much smaller percentage of those he sees daily and knows them less well.
64. Before making a valuable observation, it is necessary to have some idea of what to observe, a preconception of what is possible. Scientific advances often come from uncovering some previously unseen aspect of things, not so much as a result of using some new instrument, but rather of looking at objects from a new angle.
65. It is well known that camels can go for long periods without drinking and then take in enormous quantities of water at one time; in fact, camels can refrain from drinking for as long as eight days in summer and eight weeks in winter. After such abstinence they have been known to imbibe as much as a hundred quarts in ten minutes.
66. Within no longer than a decade or two the probability of spending part of one’s life in a foreign culture will exceed the probability a hundred years ago of ever leaving the town in which one was born.
67. Louise was a woman of thirty, but only looked her age when she was in a very serious mood, which was not often the case. At other times her face had a bright smile, which made her look no more than a young girl of sixteen.
68. Needless to say, women are no more guided exclusively by intuition than men are by reason. There are women whose make-up includes an almost masculine approach to life. There are men — especially those with artistic gifts — who possess marked intuitive tendencies.
69. Reading is to the mind what food is to the body. If you try to do without it, you simply cannot. On the other hand, if you try to read more than your system can absorb, you can easily lose your appetite for reading. You must remember, therefore, that your mind is no less sensitive to injury than your body.
70. We are so familiar with the fact that man ages, that people have for years assumed that the process of losing vigour with time, of becoming more likely to die the older we get, was something self-evident, like the cooling of a hot kettle or the wearing out of a pair of shoes.
71. Every year we hear from employers, who come to seek out graduates and to whom our graduates go for jobs, that the biggest single category of student they are looking for today, is a generalist who is trained to think. If he or she is able to cope with numbers, so much the better, but the first qualification is to be able to make a sensible assessment of a situation from the facts.
72. Consider the difficulty of saying all you know about the familiar face of a friend. The fact is that your best effort would probably fail to convey enough information to enable someone else to single out your friend in a large crowd. This simply illustrates the fact that you know more than you are able to say.
73. If you think of the people you know who can handle significant amounts of stress and avoid its damaging effects, they are usually men and women who maintain a strong sense of commitment to their work and other activities, and who respond positively to challenges rather than feeling completely overcome by them.
74. The necessity to do without direct response from the addressee, without gesture, and suchlike, compels the writer to get absolutely clear what it is he wants to say. The careful planning and revision that this entails clarifies and structures things the writer may think he knows, until he comes to actually write.
75. Acquiring a knowledge of history is a pleasant and safe pastime for the amateur. Developing an understanding of history is essential for those who would influence the future. It is not only on the lessons that history has to teach, valuable though they are, that this claim lies. It is rather because history gives us our bearings so that we may venture into the unknown confident at least of our direction.
76. The only advantage in going to bed before midnight is that one is apt to get more hours of rest by so doing. But it is not always the time spent in bed that means the greatest rest. It is better to have six hours of “high quality” sleep, than eight hours of restless tossing.
77. My uncle George loved words as much as a singer loves music. The first thing he did when he came to spend the winter with us was to bring a big dictionary into the dining room. Hardly a meal was finished without the children jumping up to consult that dictionary.
78. The reason that most students find writing difficult is simply that they have never been given a chance to learn simple paragraph patterns. And a writer cannot communicate unless he knows the written patterns of English, any more than a speaker can communicate if he doesn’t know the patterns of spoken sentences.
79. In my experience the problem of what to do in life was not made any easier by those who were in charge of my education. Looking back, it seems most odd that never once in all the years that I was at school was there any general discussion about careers.
80. Not only is gold beautiful, but it is virtually indestructible. It will not rust or corrode; gold coins and products fabricated from the metal have survived undamaged for centuries. Gold is extremely easy to work with; one ounce, which is about the size of a cube of sugar, can be beaten into a sheet nearly 100 square feet in size, and becomes so thin that light passes through it.
81. Only recently, in fact, have men conquered, by means of the spoken word, any space larger than that over which the natural voice will carry, whereas down through the long course of history, writing has been of inestimable service in bringing men and nations closer together.
82. Among topics we discussed over lunch was the regrettable habit film directors then had of altering the plot of a novel to suit themselves, to the extent even of changing a sad ending into a happy one.
83. Science is based on careful observation and experiment enabling theories to be constructed which connect different experiences. Regularities in the workings of nature are sought which hopefully reveal the fundamental laws that govern the behaviour of matter and forces. Central to this approach is the willingness of the scientist to abandon a theory if evidence is produced against it.
84. I heartily wish that in my youth I had had someone of good sense to direct my reading. I sigh when I reflect on the amount of time I have wasted on books that were of no great profit to me. What little guidance I had I owe to a young man who came to live with the same family in Heidelberg as I was living with.
85. By nature, Einstein was, according to all accounts, the gentlest of men, and by conviction he was a pacifist, yet he made intellectual discoveries that led the way to the invention of weapons with which the species could destroy itself. Inspired wholly by a love of knowledge for its own sake, and by an awe at the creation which bordered on the religious, he made possible an instrument of destruction with which the earth could be totally disfigured.
86. So important is the role of the environment that talking of an “innate” tendency to be aggressive makes little sense for animals, let alone for humans. It is as if we were to assert that because there can be no fires without oxygen, and because the Earth is blanketed by oxygen, it is in the nature of our planet for buildings to burn down.
87. It was commonplace for children of what they called good families to fill their imaginations with hopes of serious literary or philosophic careers, as do ours with hopes of careers in entertainment or business.
88. Mr. Frey said he was afraid he wouldn’t be able to find my glasses because of so much time having gone by, but he found them right away. When he found them, I immediately saw that the glasses were a mistake. They looked bright blue and so did the lenses.
89. Emotions are everywhere the same; but the artistic expression of them varies from age to age and from one country to another. We are brought up to accept the conventions current in the society into which we are born. This sort of art, we learn in childhood, is meant to excite laughter, that to provoke our tears. Such conventions vary with great rapidity, even in the same country.
90. In the nineteenth century, public parks became a feature of British urban life. Such parks were developed largely out of the Victorians’ concern for reform, a concern that was goaded by the frequently appalling living conditions of the many citizens who had been drawn to urban centers by the Industrial Revolution. In effect, parks were seen as an opportunity for them to return, if only for a brief while, to nature.
91. There is a general apathy to if not positive distrust of science itself as a search for truth; for, to the ordinary American, science is identified with mechanical inventions. Ask an American to name the greatest scientist of this country and he will very likely reply, “Edison.”
92. When you take a man’s language from him or, what amounts to the same thing, insist that he speak yours, you impoverish and diminish him. Every man must recognize the right of every other man to be himself, not just a carbon copy of a national of some other country with a widely spoken language.
93. My mother had represented my father’s ideal of what a liberated woman should be. Her kindly and well-meaning parents had held advanced views. They had brought her up to believe that she should follow her conscience rather than her knowledge of social customs whenever she had to make a choice between one course of conduct and another. She had grown up to be a lively, positive, generous, and courageous being, just as they had hoped. But she was also stubborn, as her mother had been before her, and, as is often the case with very clever young people, she grew up to find her elders more interesting company than members of her own generation.
94. The intelligent person, young or old, meeting a new situation or problem, opens himself up to it; he tries to take in with mind and senses everything he can about it; he thinks about it, instead of about himself or what it might cause to happen to him; he wrestles with it boldly, imaginatively, resourcefully and, if not confidently, at least hopefully; if he fails to master it, he looks without shame or fear at his mistakes and learns from them. This is intelligence.
95. Kennedy is a historian of international relations, born and educated in England, now a professor at Yale. He is widely respected as one of the outstanding figures in his field. But it would be naive to think that this success has come to him simply because of his scholarly or literary achievements, impressive as they are.
96. Human society as we know it, or as our ancestors for several thousand years knew it, would be impossible without speech. Language allows humans to cooperate in large-scale, complex patterns. It further allows these patterns to be modified; both the patterns and the modifications may then be passed on to future generations as a base on which they can build.
97. Field studies show that chimpanzees not only use but also make tools, and that many Primates have an extraordinarily complex social organization based on elaborate signalling systems. Observation also indicates that chimpanzees have a concept of self and can dissemble and deceive others. Chimpanzees can cooperate in that one can learn to ask another for one out of six possible tools required to obtain food, which is then shared.
98. Spiritual life seems to parallel natural diamond formation. We have all probably seen the miracle of people under extreme pressure, be it physical, emotional or moral, developing a new and shining strength.
99. In a society where slavery in the strict sense has been abolished, the sign that what a man does is of social value is that he is paid money to do it, but a laborer today can rightly be called a wage slave. A man is a laborer if the job society offers him is of no interest to himself but he is compelled to take it by the necessity of earning a living and supporting his family.
100. John, now in his second year at college, was home for the spring vacation, and his mother took the opportunity of having a serious talk with him. Did he know where he wanted to live? John was not sure. Did he know what he wanted to do? He was equally uncertain, but when pressed remarked that he should prefer to be quite free of any profession.